This
How can Qian Weiwei have such a rich mother?
Boss, how did you meet our Wei Wei?
This girl has a deep impression of her
Let's start five years ago.
He comes to my place every day to try the piano
It takes half an hour to try
Play and sing
Can't even drive away
He also said that his idol is a fixed language
To be a singer like a fixed language
Boss, can you say more?
We want to know more about the baby.
After this?
About three years ago.
He held a large plastic bottle
It's all a few cents and a few dollars inside.
This patchwork is only more than 400
Say buy an electronic organ
My cheapest one is more than 800.
There's no way to go back
That's another half a year.
Finally got it together
Crush other people's dreams
Fix yourself
Pardon me?
You know, families like mine
How many tons did you ask Wuxi?
How many nice things to say?
To have such an age
You don't know.
How could you possibly know to say
Sorry.
I just don't get it.
Your family is so rich
Then why did you sell him for his money?
Sold what is that
Sold him his money